New Radix Themes release and documentation tweaks (#710)
radix-ui/website: data/themes/docs/theme/color.mdx

## Choosing an accent color

There is a number of accents to choose from. Visit the [component playground](/themes/playground) page to explore how each accent color feels.

<ThemesAccentSwatches />

## Choosing a gray color

The theme will automatically pair your accent color with a gray shade that compliments it.

<ThemeGraySwatches />

You can specify an alternative if you’d prefer a different look. The difference may seem subtle, but it is impactful on pages with a lot of text or in dense UIs. You can choose between a pure gray or a number of tinted grays.

## Using color tokens

All colors are available as CSS variables in case you need to build custom components. See the [token reference](/themes/docs/theme/token-reference) page for a complete list.

### Aliasing colors

> You may find that certain shades that have less common names pair better with your main accent color. For example, it is common to use `crimson` and `ruby` in place of `red`, or `teal` and `jade` in place of `green`.
> 
> To reclaim the more intuitive color names like `red`, `green`, or `blue`, among others, you can remap Radix Themes tokens in place of one another:

Author: Yes! First part is better and to the point. I liked the "reclaim" bit because I felt that it pinpointed what you are doing exactly, but not feeling strongly about that one as I have the curse of knowledge here. What do you think about this?

```suggestion
You may prefer to use generic color names to refer to the color shades that you want to use. For example, it is common to refer to `crimson`, `jade` and `indigo` as `red`, `green` and `blue`. 

In this case, you can remap Radix Themes tokens in place of one another to reclaim the more intuitive color names like `red`, `green`, or `blue`, among others.
```

> I personally found the "less common names" part kind of confusing and I wasn't sure what was being explained at first.

I was trying to get at how sometimes "red" might be an objectively worse choice than "crimson" / "ruby" etc depending on your main accent, but we can lose that part.

> To reclaim the more intuitive color names like `red`, `green`, or `blue`, among others, you can remap Radix Themes tokens in place of one another:

Reviewer: Works for me, perhaps we could avoid the color name repetition on the last line though?

> In this case, you can remap Radix Themes tokens in place of one another to reclaim such naming:

(or something)

> To reclaim the more intuitive color names like `red`, `green`, or `blue`, among others, you can remap Radix Themes tokens in place of one another:

Author: "In this case, you can remap Radix Themes tokens in place of one another and reclaim the color names you want to use"?

```css
/* Your styles.css */
.radix-themes {
  --red-1: var(--ruby-1);
  --red-2: var(--ruby-2);
  --red-3: var(--ruby-3);
  --red-4: var(--ruby-4);
  --red-5: var(--ruby-5);
  --red-6: var(--ruby-6);
  --red-7: var(--ruby-7);
  --red-8: var(--ruby-8);
  --red-9: var(--ruby-9);
  --red-10: var(--ruby-10);
  --red-11: var(--ruby-11);
  --red-12: var(--ruby-12);
  --red-a1: var(--ruby-a1);
  --red-a2: var(--ruby-a2);
  --red-a3: var(--ruby-a3);
  --red-a4: var(--ruby-a4);
  --red-a5: var(--ruby-a5);
  --red-a6: var(--ruby-a6);
  --red-a7: var(--ruby-a7);
  --red-a8: var(--ruby-a8);
  --red-a9: var(--ruby-a9);
  --red-a10: var(--ruby-a10);
  --red-a11: var(--ruby-a11);
  --red-a12: var(--ruby-a12);
}
```

In this example, using the `red` color in Radix Themes components and tokens would now reference the original `ruby` scale.

> This is also how Radix Themes re-maps tinted grays like `mauve`, `slate`, `sage`, etc. to `gray` according to your theme setting, so that `gray` always refers to the shade you picked.

Author: OK, will remove
